>> Jen Kramer: Okay, so
a lot of you have been asking
me about how do you put a video?
How do you put out audio?
How do I put my Twitter feed,
my Facebook feed?
You're gotta to use this
exact same technique.
I don't have time to go through
all those websites, but
that is what you are looking for.
You're looking for the button for
like sharing this on somewhere else and
then you wanna look for
a link that's something like embed.
So you can embed YouTube videos,
Vimeo videos, Facebook, Twitter feeds,
Instagram feeds, pretty much
anything kind of along those lines.
Social media is really,
really big on sharing stuff and
you can just go online and just grab that
code and and put it into your web page.
Those of you who have your own videos.
So I went ahead and
I shot this video with my with my phone,
I'd like to share it online.
The best way to do that is to share
that video on YouTube or Vimeo.
Go ahead and put it up there and
then embed that code
from either YouTube or
video onto your web page.
You can technically speaking put the video
on your own website and people have to go
there to see it and play it, but there's
some big disadvantages to doing that and
the big ones are your web hosting is gonna
come with something called a data limit.
It's how much data can go
out over your website.
If you put your own video up on your own
web hosting, every time somebody plays
that video, there goes another many
megabytes of data off your hosting plan.
And eventually your hosting
plan costs a lot of money or
your website's gonna go down,
cuz you've run out of data.
There's just a lot of
reasons not to do that.
So I strongly recommend putting
up all your videos up on YouTube.
You can always set them to be unlisted,
so no one else can see them and
then embed them on your web page.
It saves you a lot of time and
you let YouTube pay the bills for
all the data instead of you.
They have lots of money.
Let them pay the bill.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay,
any questions on the rest of that?
>> Speaker 2: So when you do that and
someone clicks the video on your website.
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Do they go to YouTube or
they can just watch it on the website?
>> Jen Kramer: They watch it
just on your website right here,
just the same way we can
see the map right here.
You'll be able to watch
the YouTube video right here.
If you have an audio file, SoundCloud is
really popular for sharing audio files.
Other people will take their audio file
and add some pictures with it, and
turn it into a video.
That's another way to do it.
>> Speaker 2: And
you can customize the media blue.
>> Jen Kramer: Yes,
there's usually minimal customization.
You can turn things on and
off whatever you wanna do.
Yep, so as I said, there were the web
fonts readings here on the web page.
I talked to you about how
to embed maps right here.
There you go.
>> Jen Kramer: The rest of the information
here that's on the forms page,
there's some references
you can take a look at.
And then as I said last night,
you can plan your portfolio.
[COUGH] There's some additional CSS
practice if you wanna go through and
take a look at some
practice with forms and
then you can continue styling
your about page or hobby page.
Creating a contact form for your website,
include a map of your location somewhere
on your contact page if you want to.
And remember that if you don't
wanna include your exact address,
you can always just include a map of
your city or a map of your country.
That's okay, too.